MUSIC
From San Francisco, California.
CHEERING
And the SF sketch fest, Hyman Town, is now in session.
And the mayor of Hyman Town, Mr. Dan Hyman.
CHEERING
MUSIC
What happened?
What happened to your pants?
Ah, boy.
The show's already off to a...
CHEERING
San Francisco start.
Here's the thing, going through the TSA checkpoint,
you always have to take off your belt.
And I thought, don't wear a belt.
And then I was like, I did it, I'm a genius.
Like, I got through so fast.
And then I'm like, yay, I love my show.
And then the...
Well, because the thing is, when you're fat and you're a guy...
I don't know, I'm not being sexist.
I'm sure if you're fat and you're a woman, I don't know.
I don't pretend to know about...
But like, when you're fat and you're a guy,
you have pants in your closet,
and you put them on and it's like, oh, it barely fits.
I can't get it around my fat body.
And then you're like, I don't need a belt.
And then, but then throughout the day,
you fat out the pants...
What am I, Bridget Jones?
I mean, you get the idea.
I didn't know until I got out here.
And then I was dancing, and then the pants fell down.
It doesn't matter. This is a terrible way to start a show.
Hello, cultural capital of the United States of America!
CHEERING
Greatest city on Earth.
So much better than Los Angeles!
CHEERING
Fuck that sewer, that fucking piece of fetid shit!
Fucking, what kind of city is so proud of itself
that it has the word Hollywood on a hill above it?
It's not even the name of the city!
Why does it say Hollywood? It's Los fucking Angeles.
Don't put San Francisco, let alone like just Ben & Jerry's or something like that.
You don't do that. You're San Francisco.
You let it sell itself.
You're good people.
And you're gay and or writers.
CHEERING
This is where the typewriter was invented.
And you're our favorite city in the world.
Dan, since we are here at the historic Swedish American Hall,
I know Dan that you are something of a closet historian.
Do you want to tell us a little bit about what your favorite Swedish American...
What connects you most to Swedish American history?
You can feel the ghosts of Swedish past out here.
It's not just everyone's like, oh, the inventor of the meatball.
It's like, no, think about the 900,000 years of them being confused with Switzerland.
And just generally going like, what's our deal?
All those meetings had to happen here.
What's our deal?
What do you think separates Sweden from the rest of Scandinavia?
Mexico?
Because I dropped out of college, I don't know.
Was Ron Funches laughing?
He didn't stay here.
That was somebody with a nailing the Ron Funches laugh.
I wasn't playing with Ron Funches.
That might be the ghost of Ron Funches.
A famous Swedish...
Can we please get a stream line show tonight?
The show started with you coming up dancing and your pants fell down.
Like a little baby.
Pornography makes feminism...
Makes you feminist when you realize because men can age out better.
It's like eight guys still working in porn.
It's not fair.
I don't have to go.
Just talk amongst yourselves about it later.
That's the thing.
What could be less of a feminist than a guy that's watching a lot of porn?
But the more porn miles you log, the more you keep seeing the same eight guys.
And then you're seeing this 500 women a minute and you're like,
this is not a fair society.
All roads lead to Rome.
What role, Dan, do you think that the man should play in a porn?
The father?
Ideally.
Can we please...
Can we just have a moment...
This is San Francisco.
Can we please have a moment to talk about incest porn and how...
And how ridiculous it is that there always has to be this fucking mention of,
step daddy, that's not why I Googled this shit.
Daddy daughter in the title and then it's like,
my step daughter.
Yeah, pretend I didn't hear that because you know what I want.
It's the taboo.
This is what people don't understand about pornography, Jeff.
Taboo.
Taboo is, it takes you across the threshold into a world where you can become pure animal.
I just want, I don't want to think about my mortgage.
I don't want to think about the police.
I don't want to think about fucking Bill Maher.
I don't want to think about Jay Leno.
I don't want to think about Froot Loops.
I don't want to think about cleaning the gutters.
I want to think about fucking, fucking, fucking, fucking, fucking, fucking, fucking.
All right.
That's the purpose of taboo is that it shocks your system.
And that's our job tonight, ladies and gentlemen, here at Hammer Town.
We're going to take you into the realm of taboo.
I'm a porn zealot now because I got a divorce and I'm like totally into porn.
Like, you've been hearing me in the podcast.
I'm like, I'm like, I'm like porn, porn, porn, porn, porn.
Like, but I think the thing is like it's awakening me to like this weird disease that we have in this culture where we're like,
oh, we don't understand, like, fuck it.
Just watch porn with your girlfriend, with your lover.
If you're hearing a date tonight, just go home to your bed and just say,
let's do this as a bit because Dan Harmon said,
and just, and just like fucking like set an hour on your iPhone.
And during that hour, the joke is try to get the other person to break up with you
by searching for things on Pornhub Premium.
Like just, and if you make it through that hour, fucking marry that person.
And if you don't keep doing this process until you've married somebody,
and then the divorce rate will go to 0% within five years.
Is the end game all about marriage?
I know, it's just I'm luring them in because I know what they value.
Marriage is a placeholder for whatever you value.
Can you say what the weirdest place that you go to in porn?
No, I can't. That's why it's amazing.
I mean, you already, you already tipped that you were into incest porn.
We already got that.
I am into incest porn.
What? What?
I am.
It's fucking hot.
And you know what? It started with fucking like,
it started with, oh daddy, oh daddy.
You know what?
The reason I'm willing to tell you this is because I fucking,
I met a girl who's like fucking into it too.
And I was like, we were just like, so now I'm like, oh shit,
I'm not a monster, or she is too.
It's like, it's like Shrek. It's like Shrek.
I found my Cameron Diaz.
And we're just sitting in the swamp together and like,
what if the gingerbread guy fucking ate out the Pinocchio?
And we're like, ah, it's fucking amazing.
I'm telling you, just tonight, just open the laptop,
go to Pornhub.
Tell them Dan Harmon sent you.
If you type in the code Harmon, it's,
you can get a free three months subscription to Pornhub Premium.
Where were we? Oh, but my news.
Where were we?
But my new thing, I was like,
brother's sister in says porn is now kind of like on my radar
because I find it, I was like, oh, I'd never click on that
because it's not taboo enough.
But it's actually, it is kind of a turn on.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, let me stop you there.
Let me stop you there.
Brother's fucking sisters doesn't scratch that itch for you yet.
It's not getting there.
No, it doesn't. I was like, I was like, well, they're, you know,
the same age and like, I, I, I, I,
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, tonight's going to end with you guys either judging me
or me becoming president.
No, it's going to end with me being a fucking human being
and getting away with murder for the rest of my life
because I'm a fucking, I love myself.
I'd rather, I'd rather die in a fucking ditch
an honest man going like, I thought that was hot
when the sister fucked her brother.
I don't really want it to happen in real life ever.
Why do we live in a society where movies are,
are capable of affecting real life?
That's the, that's fucking fucked up.
In the news today is the matrix responsible for a column mind.
You're the fucking perverts.
Fuck you. You know?
Like, like, I fucking pay my taxes.
I get to jerk off to a video of a guy going like,
Hey, sister.
Yes, brother.
I know they're not really, this isn't really going to happen ever.
Are they Amish?
I like, I, but I, but the hot thing about,
I could get into Amish in SES porn.
The, the hot thing about sister brother,
the brother thing to me is like,
that I didn't think I would actually,
it's the eye rolling.
Like, I never thought, like, it's sex as a, well, eye rolling.
It's like, it's like, it's like,
because it's like this energy of like,
this sibling energy of like, hey,
I'm going to tell mom and dad that you stole those,
that money from their cabinet.
Don't, don't, don't do that.
Why would you do that?
You're my step-brother.
Oh, I don't know, I don't know what to tell you.
I don't know what to tell you.
I'm going to tell them, you're my step-sister.
What do I have to do?
I really want to go to this concert.
Well, why don't you, why don't you suck my dick?
Are you serious?
That's the best, that's the best part.
That's the reaction.
Are you serious?
It's like, it's like, it's like Fred,
when he finds out Barney wants his cocoa bubbles.
Are you serious?
I believe that's what Joseph Campbell calls
the refusal of the call.
It's what Dr. Ruth would call healthy and hot.
Because it's fucking like, you're, you want it,
and it's like fucking not what you're getting
at the grocery store.
Yeah, yeah, what do you mean what?
I'll tell you what.
It's not Doritos sex, baby.
It's fucking art, artisanal.
It's from your fucking soul.
You know you want to fuck your brother?
I'm sorry, that's not true.
I know you don't want to fuck your brother.
That's not the point.
No one here wants to fuck any of their religions.
No Dan, she's been a real brother fucker all night long.
Alright, so anyways.
Okay, segue.
Well, there's another, can I keep talking about porn
for just a little bit?
Can we?
I don't know.
I don't want people to be like, I can't even, okay.
Well, we can't hear the people that are going,
shears are louder than, those people are,
I came here for the book reviews.
Moby Dick was great again.
I keep, sorry, I keep reading the same book.
He can't get that whale.
Anyways, back in the world of porn,
there's this genre of porn called cuckold porn.
Oh shit.
Yo, that was my accident, but let's follow that trend.
Cuckold porn is when you watch,
but your wife is in the crotch with a guy,
but you're just using your eye, you're not using your dick.
You don't know, you're just sick of fucking your wife,
and she's sick of fucking you,
and so she's fucking another guy, and you're watching.
She's cheating on you, and you're left there watching,
because you're a pussy, and you're spineless,
and you're powerless,
and you just want to worship her sexuality,
and you know what, she's so fucking sexy,
you can't imagine yourself fucking her.
What could be hotter than that?
It's called cuckold porn.
However, there's this guy.
I'd like to thank the Swedish-American hall
for having us here tonight.
I don't know how to describe guy.
I think you described it quite eloquently.
No, no, no.
But there's this video that I want everyone to see,
and I...
Because it's cuckold porn,
but your typical cuckold porn video is a guy will walk in
and go like, you owe me rent,
and the woman will go like, I can't pay the rent,
but you must pay the rent.
I don't have the rent, and then the guy will go like,
Oh, pay the rent.
That's the first cuckold porn.
All right.
Okay, so let's...
Okay, here's the next topic.
Now, I don't want to whiplash you guys,
but starving African children...
Okay, so these videos...
Like, don't freak out about this.
I was watching at the airport today,
and there was like 90 television screens,
because our culture, our empire is like,
it's flushed with money,
and it's pumping electricity,
and we have an international hub at the airport,
and there's all these plasma screens,
and there's 20 football games,
and there's like Anderson Cooper's talk
under different people,
and Fox Wilderson, or whoever his name is,
or Greta Saskatchewan,
and they're all telling you,
in the Middle East today, they're crazy.
We can't do nothing about it.
They're crazy.
And then there's like,
but football, football, football, and Ovalteen,
and then there's like always that...
There's always that one screen,
if you're at a sports bar or an airport,
and there's enough screens statistically on accident,
there's going to be starving African children on the screen,
on like a loop,
because somebody's not paying attention,
and Tito's needs to be restocked,
and they're like, oh, fuck,
there's like a Christian children's network thing going on,
and there's just like African kids going,
and I was like watching it,
and I was thinking about it from a television producer's standpoint
for one second,
just how in order to get that footage,
you have to get on a plane,
and you have to fly to Africa,
and you have to get off the airport in Africa,
and then you have all these bags of camera equipment.
Please, can I finish?
It's going to get worse.
It's not really.
And you have camera equipment,
and you have probably, I mean, that's for real,
some food.
You have some food.
When's the last time any of you traveled
without a couple of neutral-grain bars?
Um, and they're like,
we're going,
and I'm sure these are the most wonderful people in the world,
for all I know.
It's like, I don't, like, they might be volunteering,
like, I don't think they're like,
but they're like, from the first world,
and they're coming here, and they're going to work,
okay, our job is, we've got a shot list,
they have a shot list,
and the shot list says, hungry baby.
Baby with flies on face.
Hungry mother, baby,
depressed, can't give the, whatever.
It's just like, it's just like,
it may be not in a line item list,
but it's a video production,
and like, they go and they have to shoot it,
and you know that they have, like,
fucking probably pockets, like,
full of neutral-grain bars,
like, shooting, and obviously they're going to
give everybody, when they go there,
they're going to give them food.
Of course they're going to give them food.
Do we know that?
Well, I'm going to assume that because of human nature,
but then as a producer, I'm also going to assume,
obviously, they can't give them that food
until they get their shots.
So, I just said that there's, like,
ten minutes of that whole thing.
It's like, from a bird's-eye perspective,
it's like, well, this is normal.
Yeah, you went down there and you covered this stuff,
and it's like, couldn't you zoom in, and you're like,
yeah, but for that ten minutes,
like, you have, like, a strawberry granola bar
in your pocket, and then you're like,
okay, so, I'm just going to,
boy, he's hungry.
Okay, can you, can you kind of,
can you, somebody move that tree?
Lim?
It's just left, left.
And then, like, okay, so, all right,
he's clearly so hungry.
You know, for, like, for old, like,
for like, Greta Garbo and certain old,
like, silent movie actresses,
they would put, like, a candle on top of the camera
to give them that kind of glimmer in their eye,
a key light, to make them seem like they're crying.
Do you think they put, like, a granola bar
on top of the camera?
I'm not, I didn't come here with him.
He, he flew out of Burbank,
I flew out of LAX.
Like, I'm not, like, with him.
That's not the joke I was doing.
I don't jerk off to children being rape,
rape mother and fathers.
Yeah, well, okay, so,
I'm the bad guy.
Okay.
Why don't you just keep it down?
No, that's not, I wasn't, no, no.
But, but, but I'm saying, like,
all right, well, you get the idea,
that there's, like, somewhere out there,
there's like an eight minute window where somebody's like,
like, I'm gonna, well, remember that day
that we gave that kid a gum drop or whatever,
and then it ruined the shot.
Like, we're, and then in other words,
like, we, there was less money came in.
And like, so you have to actually,
like, if you're the most benevolent person in the world,
if you're a volunteer and you're working for that organization,
your job is to actually shoot starving people.
Right.
And they cannot be fed while they're on camera.
You, you fucking connect the dots that,
that I had to connect today.
Yo, yo, yo.
Cynicism sometimes needs to be
yanked up from the floor
and shoved into your face,
because there's not enough bad things to feel bad about.
So I have to go, like, hunting for the, like, the one.
No, I was just thinking, it just, it just seems sad
and ironic.
Okay, all right, the cuckold guy.
I just wanted to talk about the specific cuckold porn,
where there was a guy, a guy comes in.
How do we say we have cuckold porn
and disturbing children?
I forget.
Because there was, there was a through line there.
There's a cuckold porn video
where a woman is sitting on her bed in a bathrobe
and then the door opens, the bedroom door opens
and there's this guy comes in and he's wearing,
he's on a hoverboard, one of those,
and he has a helmet on
and it has blinking lights on it.
And he, and he goes, hey.
Is he the protagonist?
Yes, just don't.
Sorry, sorry, go ahead.
And he comes in and he goes, hey, honey, look at me.
Oh, look what I got.
Meep, beep, I'm a robot.
Beep, beep, beep.
And he's like twirling around on his hoverboard for real.
And she, and she's like, what, what's going on?
What's going on?
Because like, she's, they're all porn actors
and they've all been told to say certain things
at certain times, but it's already fucked up.
And then there's like weird,
like this guy comes in creeping in after the hoverboard guy
and he goes like, I gotta tell you, your husband,
he took to this thing like I've never seen
and it's just $700 and he,
and she's like, he can't pay for that.
And he's like, oh, well, we don't need a car anymore.
Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep.
And he keeps twirling around and then the,
and then the guy is like, he's like,
well, I can't, I gotta tell you, he bought the hoverboard.
So I don't know what to tell you.
It's just like, and it just goes on and on.
Like watching porn people who have never had
a single UCB workshop.
Like, and you know, like the camera,
like, you know, like the camera will just cut sometimes
because it's like, they're just in a circle.
It's like, it's like the ants' death march of death.
Like they don't know how to stop asking questions
and denying each other.
What do you mean?
I can't do this.
Well, something's gotta be done,
but I can't do this.
And then it'll cut to like a slightly different angle,
but it's a different time of day.
And then they're like, okay, well, here,
how do we work this out?
Because they've been like cattle prodded.
The woman finally goes like,
well, there must be some way we can work this out.
But then the guy is on the hoverboard
and he's just like having a great time on the hoverboard.
And then the guy, the supposed alpha male,
who is not in control of the scene,
he has, because they understand cuckold craft.
They understand porn craft.
They don't understand stagecraft.
They don't understand the effect of a fucking hoverboard.
This guy is not going to be the low status character,
no matter what they do.
This is the China syndrome of cuckold porn.
Like it is, they were fucked before they started
and everyone in the scene is fucked.
But the guy sits on the bed and he goes like,
huh, well, something's got to get worked out.
And the guy just keeps like backing into furniture.
And he's like, and she goes like,
well, I'd like to work it out.
And then the guy says, are you thinking how to work this out?
Same way I'm thinking.
How to work this out?
That's actual dialogue?
That's actual dialogue.
He speaks in origami.
You have to focus on the center of his palindrome
and it folds out and then you're like,
oh my God, he's a genius.
They go like, slavery, not a good thing,
because human, not a good thing,
because then you're like, oh, wait, whoa, wow, whoa, my boy.
Anyways.
Wait, so what happens?
Well, I'll tell you what happens.
Is that Act One?
Yeah, the crossing of the threshold is, of course,
the guy's going to start fucking the woman.
But the guy keeps backing into shit in the room
and they keep getting startled and he's got all the status.
And then he starts having sex.
He's going like, oh, I love my hoverboard.
And then the alpha guy is like fucking his wife
and he tries to get it back by going like,
more like a nerdboard.
But it's like, oh, no, you shouldn't even have tried.
Like, he's fucking owning you.
Like, the guy is like, he's like, he's fucking great.
What is the Act Two crisis?
Well, it's always like, then the woman
and a good cuckold porn couldn't air quotes.
I think the woman will go like, you get over here
and you suck his dick.
Wait, the guy hasn't got the hoverboard
and suck like the alpha guy's dick?
That's right, San Francisco.
Looks like someone came in a little higher than you.
You thought you were all impressed with yourselves.
Yeah.
Maybe I watched a couple dudes in a fucking girl
and one guy sucked the other guy's dick tonight.
She got like, suck that guy's dick or lick his balls.
And then the guy gets on the bed and he goes,
he starts licking the other guy's balls
but he's like, he's looking off in the distance
and going...
And the look on his face,
it looks like he's like a kid from Pet Cemetery.
Like, again, he's not low status.
He controls the room.
Wait, the wife said, you lick his balls.
Get off the hoverboard and lick the alpha male's balls.
In cuckold porn, there's not always the male on male thing
but it's a typical of cuckold porn
where the woman will say to the beta male,
she'll go, now you do this.
And then this guy eventually starts blowing that guy.
That's the other hilarious part.
Then the alpha male always has this...
The other guy is going down at him
and then the alpha male goes like,
I don't know if I signed up for this.
Like, four bobs in.
I don't know if I said,
yeah, it's not a matter of paperwork at this point.
And that's a good thing and you should accept that.
Like, your hard on is all the pen and paper you need.
So what is Act 3 of this whole thing?
I never finished.
What did I finish?
We've started out while you stop. The tape are there.
Bob 4.
Spacebar.
Once again, thank you Swedish American Hall
for having us here tonight.
It's a great heritage.
So anyways.
Hey, this doesn't broadcast outside of San Francisco, does it?
I hope not.
Alright, anyways.
It's tightsweather again.
Thank you ladies.
Starving every children.
I got that.
Doctors, doctors.
What were we talking about with doctors?
Doctors, doctors are terrible people.
Okay, alright.
Okay, so Times Square.
Okay, so we were talking about New Year's Eve.
Now, this is where my show is going to go
real stunty, potentially.
I hope you guys are okay with a little bit of a chicanery,
a little bit of prop comic.
Normally we just come up here and freestyle.
We were talking about New Year's Eve and Times Square
and you were telling me that the people that crammed into Times Square
for New Year's Eve, they were diapers.
San Francisco is blown away again.
Some people, you know, your shoulder to shoulder
with a lot of people.
Get it.
See, I like her style.
But Madam, you heard the harrumphing going on.
No, she's saying like the harrumphing is a second level harrumphing.
We got all the tools we need.
We choose to harrump.
The harrumphing is they get the premise
they don't like where it's going.
Yeah, no, no, no.
Well, that's a good question.
Are you guys harrumphing because you don't believe it?
Wait, well, I can't.
We're going to need to elect a representative
to speak for you or something.
Who is the guy that said, I got it.
What was your name?
Come on stage.
Get up here.
If you want.
We won't make fun of you.
If you want to come up, come on.
Here, why don't you sit there and I'll sit there
and I'm going to lower this and I feel like...
What is your name?
Nikki.
Nikki, what happened to the knees of your pants?
I fall a lot.
I fall a lot?
You fall a lot?
I love it.
I mean, that's crazy to come on and say to a youngster.
Obviously, that's some kind of fashion thing.
That is suggestive.
Were these knee blowouts on your jeans by design or by accident?
Do you wear those jeans so much that the knees actually gave out?
Both.
They were ripped when I bought them and they have become increasingly more blown out.
Are you a 21?
Fair question.
Yes, I am.
Okay.
Do you want to do...
I don't...
Look, I don't do this a lot.
Dan, put your mic down.
Hand it to Spencer.
Make her a drink.
I know what we're doing.
What's your name again?
I'm sorry, I already forgot.
Nikki.
Nikki, hello, Nikki.
Hi.
Nikki, where are you from?
Actually, just recently saw you.
You did a who's lying thing in Marin, I believe.
We're watching Dan be a gentleman for the first time in his life.
Nikki, Dan's offering you the drippingest glass.
Appetizing.
Spencer, how are you doing over there?
Oh, great.
Great, Jeff.
I'm doing great.
I'm not going to use it.
You're not going to check it?
No, I'm not going to do it by myself.
You're not going to drink it by yourself?
This is like a Spice Girls thing.
I've got to get with your friends.
All right, who's your posh spice?
Who's your BFF?
He's there.
He?
It's San Francisco, buddy.
All right, get him up here.
Get him up here.
The he.
Male spice.
Old spice.
Posh spice.
Can you share that with me?
Can you share that with Nikki?
Posh, as I'm best known.
All right.
What's your name, sir?
I'm Rob.
Rob and Nikki, everybody.
Rob and Nikki.
Rob and Nikki, if I may be so forward, what is the nature of your friendship relationship?
Are you guys just pals?
Is there a romance thing happening here?
No, we bang.
You bang.
Now, who plays the father and who plays the sister?
Do you guys role play?
Do you do role playing?
Do you want to take this one or should I take this one?
I think we know who the bottom is in this relationship.
I'll take that by the way.
We're going to now.
He's asking for...
I'll take that while we're up here.
Now, do I make you another one and then...
She's a white wine now.
I get something.
I mean, this is...
All right.
Make yourself useful, Dan.
I'm only doing this because you guys are the...
I'm only doing this because you guys are the cultural capital of the United States.
You're my favorite city.
Rob, how long have you been...
Are you guys are dating?
You're a couple.
How long has this been going on, Rob?
A bit over a year.
Yes, sir.
Yeah?
And do you guys live together?
Or do you just live separately?
No, sir.
I live with her best friend.
The plot...
I love it.
The plot thickens.
Wait, both of my best friends, the straight woman and the gay man.
He lives...
Come and knock on our door.
Wait, wait, wait.
No, that got intricate.
Wait, say that again.
He lives with a gay man and a straight woman and both of them are my best friends.
Come and knock on our door.
He lives with a gay man and your best friend, but you don't live with him.
No.
I'm just trying to purse through this, guys.
I...
Is that vodka for me, Dan?
No, this is for Nicky, who took the first one.
It was like, I can't drink this without a friend.
Dan, make a fireman line.
Make me a drink, too, you piece of shit.
Goddamn it.
All right.
While you're at it.
Okay.
All right.
Well, cheers.
Yeah, Nicky, I'll give it to you.
Nicky, your turn.
Take the drink.
Oh, is that mine?
Was it Rob?
Rob?
Yeah.
Sorry.
Cheers.
I don't know how to do a show.
Okay, there you go.
Okay.
Okay, so what the fuck were we talking about when you came up?
Ask him about Chemtrails.
Chemtrails.
You...
Well, there's a mandate about Chemtrails.
Yeah.
Couldn't fit all those chemicals on one of those little planes.
Also, Spencer.
Wait, what?
So, I'm just interested.
What about Chemtrails?
Dan, you were talking about New Year's Eve and the fact that people can't pee, and she
goes, we get it.
We're with you, mister.
Right, but I think she was saying that we're all on board with, you can't...
In order to pee in Times Square, so people are, like, doubling down and going for it,
yeah.
Right.
And it's bearing us from the explanation, though.
Not, like, I'm not gonna wear a diaper, but if I have to pee, I'm gonna do it.
Now, have you been to Times Square in New York before?
I have not during New York.
New Yorkers.
I have peed in Times Square.
You peed in Times Square?
Just walking in front of the Eminem story, he's like, fuck it, I gotta hang a squirt.
That's a new one.
Oh.
Dan, let me tell you about my porn fetish.
It's called squirthangers.com.
Don't pee for it, Jeff.
Nikki, when you say that you peed in Times Square, walk us through that, would you?
Oh, boy.
Well, we were in Times Square and drunk.
Right.
Is this daytime or nighttime?
This is daytime.
At a girl.
And we decided...
Eat that mic, Nikki.
Eat the mic?
Yeah, just up here, yeah.
So they can hear you.
Dan also goes to mic-eaters.com.
So I decided that I needed to pee.
And around Times Square, they don't let you do that, because obviously all the tourists want to.
So we decided we were going to head off to a side road and find a place to pee.
There's no side roads in Times Square, though.
It's called 54th Street.
I was drunk.
So I walk off and try to do that, and I'm squatting, doing my thing.
And I look up and...
You're up against a tree, or are you hiding in an alleyway?
I was up against a car.
A car.
There's a Times Square version of trees.
So you pee next to a car.
So I'm up against a car peeing, and I hear, like, a tap.
And I look up, and there's people in the car.
No!
Why are they in the car?
What are they doing in the car?
They were parking.
How dare they?
As one does.
Like, come on.
Expect to get peed on.
I want to get the full picture.
So there's a street, they're doing a parallel parking thing, and you're next to the...
It seemed like a very suburban street.
I now, like, at Times Square, the suburbs...
Just off of Broadway, you know?
Suburbia, suburbia.
Bedroom, neighborhood, you know?
Just outside of Hedwig.
Yeah, no.
If you hit cats, you went too far.
I think it was a family that was, like, trying to visit Times Square on their vacation.
And there's a lady just peeing on their car.
But, like, on the side, I'm trying to picture...
On the side of their car, like, crouching by the car, and then I heard a tap.
Because there was, like, out of view.
But in the view of four people wearing Wisconsin hoodies.
I was, like, right by the driver's window.
Right.
So you're in the street?
If you're by the driver's window, you're out in the middle of the road.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I was.
That's my girl.
That's your girl.
You should not applaud that.
You never close your eyes anymore.
I didn't say it was a classy moment for me, Jeff.
Well, honestly, we got a lot of show to do, and I think they're wonderful.
We can humbly excuse ourselves if that's what you're facing before.
I got a lot to do.
If you guys want to plug something or...
You were wonderful.
They should buy you a drink later.
But if there's anything you want to say, is that burn down the White House?
Is that what you want to say, Rob?
I'm happy to plug bias to drink later.
What's that?
Bias-to-drink-later.com.
Oh, bias-to-drink-later.
I thought it was the name of a...
Rob and Nicky, you can find them on pparker.com, everybody.
Thank you for their...
All right.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I mean, if you go back through the history of that broadcast,
Jeff was the one that was like, get up here.
Because I was in the midst of a point that I was trying to make.
But I was interested in whether or not you guys believe that people wear diapers.
But now I'm not anymore.
I've moved beyond whether it's true or not.
I think we're finding out that you don't need to wear diapers.
You can just go pee in the middle of the road on 55th and Broadway.
I got to stop cloaking this in science.
It's a science thing.
It's a thing that I want to do.
Jeff Vesuvio, we were talking about this, and I said to Steve Levy, my assistant,
who was here, I said, go get some diapers, some adult diapers.
And bring them here.
And I want to...
I'll put a pair on.
Are you wearing diapers right now?
No, no, I haven't put them on yet.
I don't want to plan things.
But I thought, Steve, do you have the diapers?
Oh, no.
Steve?
Oh, here he comes.
Oh, shit.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
What in the shopping...
What's in the bag?
Take the mic, Steve.
Take the mic.
These are the ones that you said...
Those are the fancy ones.
He's a designer. This is like when Paul Rudd finally has to piss his pants.
He's going to wear a real fit for men.
And then the other ones depend for men.
I mean, I don't...
Say what?
Yeah!
Why are they for men?
Well, I think the women...
I really don't know.
I would think maybe...
The sexier, the female... The female ones are sexier.
Well, no, because...
They have frills and padding.
Well, I would also...
Maybe, madam, I don't know, and I'd back you up every step of the way
if you want to escape a dichotomous world of adult diapers.
I'm with you.
Say what?
Oh, you have a theory?
Okay.
What can you shout it out before we bring you up here and do the whole thing?
Diaper theory.
Just shout out your theory and...
This is a horrible premise, but I haven't told her.
Okay.
All right.
Get up here.
Come on.
She says she has a tumbler.
Now we have to bring her up.
Diaper tumbler.
What the...
Please tell me you're wearing diapers right now, madam.
What is your name?
Lindsay.
Lindsay, everybody.
Welcome, Lindsay.
Grab that and move that and...
Okay, Lindsay, what's your theory?
I'm not sure I can get on this chair.
Well, that's cool.
You're only here to give your theory.
There we go.
So...
No dream is too big.
All right.
For me, maybe.
I can't reach it.
Lindsay...
God damn it, the theory.
Okay.
So I have a tumbler.
It's called Fragile Masculinity Products.
Oh, sorry.
Say it again.
Fragile Masculinity Products.
Okay.
Right.
Say it again.
No, it's tumbler.
There's a tumbler.
Just keep going through these nested loops.
And she's going to bring you up and then we're going to end up doing a show for cockroaches
in China.
So my theory is that if you use a product that's not branded for men and it's something to
do with caring for your body, it makes you gay.
Oh, okay.
Well, that's fair.
In a world where there, like, Coke Zero exists, like one would expect, yeah, that if...
Dr. Pepper 10.
One of the products on the tumbler is aromatherapy for men.
Aromatherapy.
And it's called Beast Mood.
Well, yeah, we're talking...
Yeah.
So, yeah, I mean, that's easy enough to...
Like, they market test stuff and then they ask men...
There's a tactical Christmas stocking.
A tactical Christmas stocking.
That's cool.
No, it's not.
That's like, if you get a knife...
There's a tactical baby carrier.
That's cool.
What?
Like, if you get a knife...
No, I mean, there may...
You can see on the package, there's a bulge there.
I'm sure that's not the women's depends, right?
That's what I was going to say, is that...
Am I being naive and thinking that the women's stream comes a little...
I mean, there needs to be a bulge.
It's not just pee.
Well, but it doesn't even matter, because like...
Well, in the front there is.
You don't know.
Like, what would be your...
I mean, I'm not locking horns with you when I say this.
I just think this is very interesting because I feel like...
Like, obviously capitalism, it propagates itself across the gender gap,
and there's all kinds of ridiculous things.
Like, when these companies, all we should expect them to do
is to try to make money off of people, and they market test stuff,
and if men go, I want a toothpick that makes me not feel gay,
then it's like...
Then there's these toothpicks that are called like,
pick your tooth, fucker.
And it's like, it doesn't...
It's not made by the government.
It's made by a fucking toothpick company.
They're trying to make money as much as they can.
Like, cool cigarettes? Give me a break.
Lindsay, have you ever worn an adult diaper?
No, I have not.
Are you willing to wear one tonight?
These are men's ones.
Are you willing to go across gender lines
and wear a male adult diaper?
What's the incentive?
Huh?
Shut up, Jim.
That's my roommate yelling at me.
Prove they're not for men.
I'm just wondering, what's the incentive?
Fuck you.
The things we're forced to say when we have to quickly
consolidate our thoughts but shout because of...
Prove they're not for men.
And then you go home and you're like,
prove they're not for men.
That wasn't me. That wasn't Toby.
Does this...
I would have been so much more articulate than that.
Does this mean feminism wins?
Your girlfriend's like, no, it's okay, Toby.
You were shouting across a crowded room.
Like, no one would have heard you.
Yeah, but prove they're not for men.
I'm gonna be hearing that for the rest of my life.
Prove they're not for men.
That's happening at Trump rallies all over the
American village.
Bad things come inside the country.
You're right because of your hair.
I'll totally wear one if this means feminism wins.
Wait, sorry.
Does this mean feminism wins if I wear an adult diaper for men?
Wins what?
Just wins.
What if feminism only loses if you say that?
Oh, no.
The idea that it's a horse in a race,
not to high road you,
but no, I would be happy to,
in the spirit of,
yeah, of course, yeah.
I don't know what it'll do for gender dichotomy.
I don't know what it'll do.
I don't think it has to be about any actual
empirical experiment.
I think it's simply, do you need that?
But I know, okay.
They've had enough pants down on the road.
No, no, no, no.
You can't wear over your pants.
No, I'm not gonna, I have to,
you have to put them over your,
and I don't know if that's illegal or not,
these are so much more thin than I thought.
Be sure they got a diaper for your drink.
What?
Well, just give me the corner.
Since 1849, the Swedish-American haul.
Just keep it, keep it near you.
Hey, guys.
Oh, nice.
Careful, careful.
Oh, geez.
Oh, boy.
Yeah, you don't have to do it.
Don't feel weird.
Oh, she's doing it.
All right.
Now, Dan, personal question, Dan.
Be careful.
Don't hurt yourself.
Can I ask?
They are super tight.
Take her wallet.
Get her stuff.
Oh.
Get it, get the pants.
Dan, have you taken the show, Pete?
Did you pee before the show?
Have you got one of the chairs?
I didn't pee before the show,
but we got a lot of people to talk about.
That's why it's for men.
Oh, shit.
Shit.
I'd be careful.
Take that, Betty, for Dan.
I didn't intend for this to be a gender thing.
Don't jump too high.
She has a weapon.
This is an actual knife.
Don't hurt yourself.
That's cool.
And you brought it up here?
I feel like we should be protecting her
and not going through her stuff.
Dan, I've never worn an adult diaper before.
Do you feel secure?
I just really want to pee.
I'm asking you an honest question.
I mean, do you feel secure?
If you peed right now, do you feel that
that would contain the pee?
No, I don't.
It feels like there's a sheet of cardboard
wrapped around my...
It's really chafy.
Let's get back to the show.
If you want, you can put your pants back on.
I'm going to put my pants back on
because I feel like...
Nobody puts their pants back on.
The pants stay off.
This is quite freeing, actually.
I feel like the point of the diaper
is to have them on.
Okay, put your pants back on.
Because also, we have some serious cases.
Okay, how about this?
Dan, you be the control.
No, no.
Lindsay, you be the control.
Put your trousers back on.
Dan, you be the experiment.
Leave your trousers off.
Right?
No?
I'm trying to be Mythbusters about this.
Where in San Francisco?
This is Mythbusters territory.
It's a final season.
The idea is that they're in Times Square
and they're wearing these things under their pants
and they're freezing outside.
You're right, you're right.
Okay, so the control is that we're doing a male
and female experiment right now.
It doesn't crinkle.
We have a question.
Dan, does it crinkle?
We have a question from the front.
Actually, it feels really nice.
I can't tell it from...
Unless I touch it with my hand,
I can't tell it from comfortable underwear.
I'm glad that you're asking questions.
Actually, it's notable how comfortable they are.
It actually feels nice.
Calvin Klein.
Because my big thought is...
Is it true that adults can wear these
and then you can...
Could you wail into your pants?
Just for one fucking pee, for instance.
Dan, the night is young, baby.
We're going to find out.
Because it doesn't feel like it would hold anything.
Alright, well, I can't do it yet.
Take this shit.
Oh, yeah.
Shit on the floor.
Podcast shit.
I will clear.
I will clear the Swedish-American haul, you guys.
Okay, so...
We're going to win that webby.
What's your name, young lady?
Lindsay.
Lindsay, would you go take a seat with your diaper?
If you start to feel like you're ready to take a piss,
you can come up on stage and...
Okay.
I feel like this gives me an extra drink during the show.
I mean, like, it'll hold one.
I mean, I need one, too.
Let's thank Lindsay, and we'll see her in a little bit.
Yeah.
Yeah, this shit is about science.
We did it.
Okay, so...
So then...
Oh, and it's night when you sit, it's like a Nike.
It's like a gel pad.
I just felt like a...
Now, I'm taking a shit right now.
I'm not going to poop in them, but I am really curious,
like, can an adult pee in an adult diaper just hang out?
I am curious about that.
Has anybody here successfully peed in an adult diaper?
Oh, the hands go up.
Yeah, people have.
Yeah.
What matter?
Say it louder.
After you pee, it feels weird and it's really heavy,
and it starts to sag.
It starts to sag.
Okay, wait.
Hang on.
Everybody, I want to completely...
Dad, bless me.
Can I get...
The Ben Franklin of the most obvious statement about...
I was like, we needed to hear her say that,
but I was like, yeah, I guess that makes sense.
She said, after you pee...
It gets real heavy.
It gets real heavy, and it gets heavy, and it starts to sag.
Can we get complete Swedish-American house silence
by applause?
And I don't want ironic applause.
Actual people who have peed in a diaper in public.
That's nine people.
Yeah.
Okay.
So that's for real.
So we're going to...
Now we got that cooking, and I swear,
if I have to pee, I'm going to fucking let it go,
and I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you I'm doing it.
Did you bring extra pants just in case?
No.
I just didn't rub back my pants.
No, because I'm not a hack.
It's a real...
I'm not Chris Angel.
I'm a fucking magician.
I'm not an illusionist.
I do fucking magic, okay?
When I make the Statue of Liberty go away,
it fucking goes.
Your huddled masses don't know where they are.
Did I tell you guys, as I was saying in the podcast,
when I was 10 years old,
David Copperfield made the Statue of Liberty disappear,
and I didn't know.
I turned off the TV, and I was like, huh.
I don't know if he should have done that.
Yeah.
And it was like two days later that my...
He made it come back, you dick.
All right.
Listen.
I know what you guys are thinking.
Okay, well...
No, I mean, yeah.
I know what I'm thinking.
I'm thinking how close are you to peeing your pants
and proving this is...
Listen, I don't want to disappoint you guys,
but I'll drink as much as I can.
Maybe somebody bring up a bottle of water.
Can we get dead nine ice teas?
If there's a bottle of water or something,
because I don't want anybody to be pissed off.
I'll piss my pants.
Dusty roads.
Well, that happens.
I want to talk to somebody.
She tweeted me.
Amber, are you in the audience?
Amber?
Amber, you're not here?
Amber, do you have cold feet now?
Do you want to come up and talk?
You can come up?
Okay, Amber.
Okay, come on up, Amber.
All right.
This is soundtrack.
Hey, Amber.
So, are you going to have a seat here?
There you go.
All right.
Amber, let's get ready to fucking hairpin turn.
That's what Harmontown's tonality is about.
It's not that bad.
Amber is fresh, fresh off of a double mastectomy.
Yep, on Monday.
Monday.
So, tonight is Saturday.
And you're like...
And one of the things you warned me about is like,
well, I'm going to be whacked out on drugs,
because you're like...
This is not an outpatient procedure, is it?
Oh, no.
It's like you're recovering.
Right.
I'm still really sore, and I'm still on a bunch of drugs.
And you have a knit cap on.
Yeah, it's from chemo before.
Right.
So, there's so many things that I don't understand about this,
and I guess one of the first things is like...
So, when they detect it, they try to treat it
the way they do regular cancer with chemotherapy,
which is just like to flood your body with chemicals and stuff.
And so, that makes your hair fall out,
and makes you sickly and sad and bummed out.
Yeah.
Are you in a relationship?
Husband?
No, just a long-time boyfriend.
Yeah.
Like, how long ago did this...
Dan, can I interrupt?
How did you guys meet each other?
Like, how do you know each other?
On Twitter, like, eight minutes ago.
Like, I was just like, I'm coming to San Francisco,
and she's like, that's what's great about Twitter.
So, take us, if you will,
and tell me when you don't want to talk about stuff or do.
But, like, go back to before anything was happening,
any of this, and how long ago was that?
October.
Of this year?
Yeah.
I think maybe at the end of September,
I started feeling like a weird feeling,
and so I started feeling around,
and I felt a lump, and I went into the doctor,
and they did all the scans and things.
Can you tell me when you say,
I started feeling a weird feeling,
and then I felt a lump.
What is the weird feeling?
Just, like, something not normal,
like a small, like, twinge of pain.
Like, when you washed, or...
No, no, just not...
I wasn't touching it at all.
Oh, just like, oh, you're feeling like, like, like, like...
Yeah, just like a little pulse,
every once in a while.
And so then you started, like, investigating.
Yeah.
And then you feel a lump.
And so then you go into the doctor,
and they go, okay.
And so, okay, can you take us from there
through the narrative?
We did all the scans and biopsies,
and it came back,
the test results came back,
that it was invasive ductal carcinoma,
and they said that they wanted to start out with chemo,
and I did that,
but I only went through three cycles,
because it made me so sick that I was just tired of it,
so I said, let's just go ahead and do the surgery.
Okay, so, and at that point,
so chemo is an attempt to, like...
Shrink it down.
And the end game,
there's this sort of, like, elephant in the room
of, like, the mastectomy, right?
Like, it's breast cancer.
Is that how it works?
That they're like, let's try all these things
that we have to try before we do the mastectomy.
Is that the idea?
Yeah, usually,
because sometimes they can just go in
and take out that one little bit,
but then there's a chance that it could have spread
to the rest of your body,
so that's the way they want to do the chemo,
to get everything.
And yours was double,
so at some point, you're finding out that it's...
No, no.
It's just I have so much family history
and I don't want to have to go through chemo again,
so I said just take them both.
Right.
It makes it easier.
Did you detect it in October?
It was late September, maybe.
But you detected it pretty early, you think,
or do you think that you got...
Yeah.
Yeah, and so you said, let's just do it.
You got to do it before it spreads.
And thank you so much for coming up here
and talking about this.
This is the thing that we're becoming conscious of
in our culture, like as celebrities
and the other thing is we have to wait for celebrities
to go through it and all this stuff,
but it's like...
Because I'm 43 years old.
I remember in the 80s, like...
Like, this is not a new thing,
but what's new is the idea that we're allowed to talk about it.
And the thing that's very...
This mind field that I want to wander into,
if you're willing to with me, is like...
Because I don't understand women's relationships
with their breasts.
And I...
How the mastectomy affects that,
because I don't understand where your relationship
with your own breasts ends
and where it feels like those are a connection
to other people or...
And I'm a terrible interviewer,
but I'm just like, I want...
What I want is for somebody to talk about
or just educate me about what...
Because there's no analogy.
Men have prostate cancer.
Men have testicular cancer.
But we can walk around with one ball.
And I have a ton of friends who are,
and they feel great about it.
And there's no such thing as like...
It's like...
I always wondered about that,
just like from 13 years old,
this focus on these things.
Can I stop talking and you start talking?
Sure.
Actually, when they went in and took everything out,
they also put in this deflated balloon
that's called a tissue expander.
And after everything heals,
they're going to start to slowly fill it up with saline
so it stretches.
Like every couple of weeks, you go in
and they add a little more.
Once it gets up to about the right size,
they can just swap it out and swap it in
with like a permanent replacement.
So...
Okay, well, I...
I'm not going to have the, you know,
that issue that you're talking about.
Amber, do you know, like,
are you out of the woods right now?
Are you waiting to find out, like,
if you're clear or in remission or anything?
Well, everything they took out of me,
they sent to a lab.
So we, I guess, were waiting to see
what the lab asked us to say.
That's amazing.
That's really good.
I had a friend whose mother went through this
and, like, there was...
It was there after math?
It sounded like there's stuff
that needs to be done to be candid about it.
Like, my friend had to help her mom,
like, extract, like, pus, liquid.
Oh, yeah, I have drains.
I have four drains, but...
Sorry, say it again.
Drain?
Drain.
I'll show you if you're not afraid of blood.
Well, I am afraid of blood.
He'll pass out.
Okay.
Yeah, I'm very squeamish,
but, and I wouldn't be podcast-worthy,
but the...
You're writing diapers, Dan.
But the personal experience,
does your husband have to help you?
No, I can do it just fine.
And there's drainage that has to happen
in the aftermath of the amputation.
Yeah.
I'm kind of tapped out of, like,
I really want...
Like, I...
You were saying, like,
so now they're gonna, like,
now they're putting balloons in
and they're inflating these things.
Are they gonna tattoo?
Is there a tattoo thing they do on the...
Well, actually, they were able to save all the skin.
There's a new procedure, so...
Uh-huh.
They were able to save all the skin.
Oh, so now you're gonna walk out of this
with, like, porn star movies.
I could.
Yeah, possibly.
Okay.
Well, fuck you.
Get out of here.
Try to come up here and...
People are dropping $10,000 for those things.
Uh...
He's there.
I mean, I...
So it's pretty amazing.
Like, my mom, like, she had uterine cancer
and she didn't talk about it,
and she died of it.
Like, and...
But when she finally, when we knew she had cancer,
it was in her brain.
And that was because you didn't talk about it,
because that was a personal thing.
And, like, I like...
As...
I mean, I hate cancer.
It makes me angry to even, like, talk about it.
Jeff...
As opposed to bold stance...
The hard line.
It's a bold stance.
I, Jeff Davis...
Tonight on the hard line with Jeff Davis...
Hey, up yours, cancer.
But, like...
But...
Exactly.
But, like, it's...
It's, like...
What's amazing is that, like, people can, like, have...
Like, when they're young, like, you get it,
talk about it, and, like, it's...
Like, they...
My mom didn't do it.
And it's, like, makes me really, like...
Like, want to break down in tears, like, happily,
that, like, people can talk, like,
get in front of it.
Like, get out in front of that.
It's very, very cool.
Is this still the number one way
that...
Have you become a cancer expert
in the...
In the interim?
I know people who get cancer,
and then they become cancer experts.
Do you... Not so much.
Not so much.
Like, I remember back in the 90s,
it was, like, the number one killer of women.
I don't know if that's changed.
And if it's something to high-five about or not.
Like, if it's the number two killer of women now.
Uh...
But, uh...
All right.
Like, get your own podcast.
You know?
What aren't we doing?
Is there...
Like, just in terms of, like...
Well, here's something I'm really curious about.
It's because you say,
well, just take the other one out.
Like, I don't know if I can deal with this anymore.
Like, what are the...
With that kind of cancer,
is that typically the end of it all?
Or do you have to live with that shadow
in your doorway forever?
Um, well, there's chances that it could come back
or something else could come back.
But without any tissue there,
there's nothing for it to really grab onto.
But I guess there's always a chance,
but I'm not worried.
Is there a...
How...
Uh...
I don't want to make fun of them for applauding that,
but I also, like, they'll make fun of me
for so many things.
But, um...
What...
What in...
Like...
Like, what...
When you're...
When you...
So you get that tinge,
and then you get that diagnosis,
then you're confronting that threshold.
Where you're going, like,
holy shit,
the stakes just got way higher.
Like, are there things that changed in your life,
like, fundamentally?
Like, details?
Like, anything?
Like, I started feeling differently about my stapler,
my car,
my garage,
my dog.
Anything that you can think of that was, like, a flip?
No, mostly I was just in a hurry
to get it all out of me
and taken care of.
I was just in a rush to make sure it was all gone.
And it all went really, really fast.
It sounds like...
Are you close with your family?
Like, do you have, like...
Was your family there for you?
Or was that not a factor?
Um...
Over the phone.
I mean, they all live in Indiana, so...
But I've been talking to them, of course.
Do you feel like you went through,
like, just on your own,
or with friends or family?
With my boyfriend.
Really? That's awesome.
Good for him. Is he here?
Yep.
What's his name?
Keegan.
What?
Keegan. Good for you, Motherfucker.
That's amazing.
Like, I've had friends that went through all alone,
and they did it all on their own.
And then their family came back around,
but, like, when they went through the hard part of it,
like, that first stage of,
oh, shit, what's going on?
They were completely on their own.
But it's awesome to have...
Well, because sickness,
like, we have this really fucked up,
like, it's an individual thing.
What would you remember?
I mean, when you were...
Did you have relatives that got sick
in any way before that?
Oh, yeah.
You handled that with a plum.
You were, like, by their bedside.
And, like, it was...
Sickness was a part of life,
and you were fine with that.
Yeah, yeah.
And so...
And so you had a support system
when this happened,
and, like, you didn't have issues with that.
Like, I don't want people to see me sick.
Well, I mean, I don't like people to see me
when I look terrible.
I don't want them to feel bad about me
because I don't feel that bad about myself.
Are you from San Francisco?
No, I'm from Indiana originally.
Oh, but you're living here?
Yeah.
What are you doing here?
Just hanging out.
I run a donut shop,
and I don't want this to be my commercial.
Yeah, I mean, you don't have to divulge anything about yourself.
Just curious what you do for a living.
My boyfriend went to school here,
so he moved here while he was going to school.
What's he going to school for?
Game programming.
What is this?
Are you a nerd shaming her heroic boyfriend?
No, I know.
I know I was nerd drooling.
I was like, that's a keeper.
Oh, gosh, I thought you were mocking him.
You thought I was going like, oh, what a nerd.
And I work with cats.
You work with cats?
Yeah.
Like actual feline cats?
In what capacity?
A cat boarding facility.
Oh.
Cat boarding facility.
Yeah, I'm the one that can get through to all the really angry and grumpy cats.
Is it a private business that you could benefit from plugging?
Can people that are listening to this?
Oh, sure.
Yeah, so if you live in the area, if you need your cat boarded.
Oh, yeah, pet camp, cat safari.
Pet camp, pet safari.
Cat safari.
Did I get that right or did I just fucking up?
Pet camp.
Pet safari?
Cat safari.
Cat camp.
No, god damn it, you're fucking it up.
He's doing it on purpose.
Right?
See, he's, let's see.
Okay, first two words are pet camp.
Pet camp.
The last two words are cat safari.
Dan, do you want to try a little jingle for it?
Pet camp, cat safari.
When you're going near or far, drop off your cat.
Oh shit, I fucked it up again.
Pet camp, cat safari.
Is that right?
Yep.
Okay.
Pet camp, cat safari.
Whether you're going near or far, drop off your feline friend at us.
We'll put her in a tub and we'll rub off her puss.
If your cat doesn't have puss, don't worry, that's fine.
We'll also just feed her and breakfast and dine.
We'll wave a little mice in front of its face.
Pet safari camp.
Camp.
Cat safari.
Pet camp, cat safari.
Is in your face.
Okay, let's give a very extremely amber warm-up.
Thank you to Amber.
Thank you so much.
Make sure she's...
Also, Keegan, cool boyfriend.
Thank you, Keegan.
Ah look, wait.
Don't diminish Keegan.
Keegan could have phoned it in.
We don't know if he's a good boyfriend or not.
We have no idea.
Let's be real.
We'll find out three months from now.
Dan, I'll bring Keegan up here and give him a diaper.
We'll find out.
Oh wait, wait, wait.
No, but I just...
I'm telling you, when somebody like Amber...
Amber tweeted me and I was like,
oh fuck, we've got to bring her up.
I just heard a plum.
I don't even think...
I just like...
I just have to unplug my heart from the whole fucking thing.
And I knew that she had to be up here.
But I was just like...
I don't know how to fucking process that shit.
But she's fresh out of the fucking process.
And I have no idea...
What's that?
That's a corner of a carpet.
Who am I?
What am I talking about?
I mean, you're fascination with it.
A lot of your questions about it, Dan.
They're clearly...
You want to know what you're worried about yourself.
So you can't help but internalize.
When you see somebody going through that,
you wonder what you would be like going through that yourself.
I always want to know.
When people tweet me or email me and stuff,
and they go, I have this or I'm going through that.
I always want to talk to them because,
yeah, I'm fucking cowered.
I haven't had problems yet and I'm terrified.
If you found out tomorrow that you came down with some horrific...
I would make it everyone's problem.
I would wipe my ass across America.
And go like, I got a tennis elbow.
Go to my GoFundMe.
I'm not saying if you have a GoFundMe, that's not...
Those are good.
There's a guy back there that...
I hope that's Rod Funches.
It's not Rod Funches.
Don't be sorry.
I want everyone in the world to laugh that cleanfully.
Don't be sorry that you're not Rod Funches, sir.
Be sorry that you have that laugh and aren't Rod Funches.
I was on a plane...
I was on the Southwest flight from Burbank to Oakland with Rod Funches.
He slept the whole time, didn't giggle once.
Yeah, yeah. Fuck you, Funches.
It's all an act. You know it's all an act.
He doesn't really giggle. He doesn't actually like people.
He's filled with whatever the opposite giggles is.
Hey, I'm going... Funches is doing a show tomorrow.
He's at Cobbs, I think, 11 a.m.
He's making mimosas and he's serving brunch.
And he's not... I don't think he's calling it brunches with Funches.
It is? Is that what it's called?
Okay, I'll see you all there. We're all going to that.
Spencer, did I do the double mastectomy lady interview, right?
Yeah, okay.
You're just supposed to bring the person up and let them tell their story, right?
I didn't do it wrong.
I mean, you know.
I was a little heavy-handed. I was heavy-handed.
You were high-handed.
What are you yelling out, sir?
Yell it out again.
Not you. I was looking over there.
That guy. Pussy.
We're all fine.
Now what did you yell out?
No, he's good. Now he's doing it again. People are like, fighter flies.
He only said it over a laugh, so you'll never know what he said.
Yeah, he's like, he rides in on the fucking laughs of others.
Oh, well, the 9-11 was an inside job.
What was that, sir?
Yeah, I didn't know.
He said, just hurry up and crack your pants.
This guy came for the pants building.
Let's be clear. I am not shitting my pants.
And I don't think that these things are designed to hold shit.
Well, Dan, how do we know?
We're here as a scientific experiment.
I asked for what? Oh, there it is.
I guarantee, I promise you, what time is it?
How much time do we have?
11.40?
I promise you, I will piss my pants tonight.
That is the Harmontown guarantee.
Dan went for himself. How much do you guys pay?
Okay, yeah, you guys are fine.
I don't even want to know.
Whatever it is, I'll give it back to you outside.
How about this? If Dan's rich, if Dan doesn't pee himself in front of you people,
he'll write you all a personal check outside.
Spencer, that was the biggest yawn I've ever seen.
Spencer, how are you holding up, man?
You guys hear about these Chinese murder vans?
No, seriously, though, you guys hear about these dick switches?
What's a dick switch?
Let me tell you, Jeff, it's a switch for your dick.
It turns your sperm on or off.
It shuts your sperm right off.
That seems too bad or good to be true.
Well, let me tell you, a sub-dermal switch right in your scrotal sac.
I saw the Facebook diagram of the whole thing.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, what if they're taking it?
Hey, baby, let's go to my place.
Oh shit, let me turn these sperms off real quick.
It's the new equivalent to wearing a condom to a party, right?
We all did that, right?
In college.
I don't want my fertility to be a binary decision.
I want there to be an air scoop on the top of my dick
that a warboy can spit gasoline into.
No.
Just in case.
I want my sperm to look like the warboy that was the guitar player
in front of the thing that was on the bungee cords.
Thank you, lady.
I don't know what you said, but I'm sure you're right.
How many women in the audience, by applause, have...
I don't even know if this is still the phrase.
This is the phrase my mom used.
Have your tubes tied.
That's guys.
Yeah, it's hard.
No, it's not.
That's men.
No, I'm talking about having your tubes tied.
It's a lot rougher on women.
I heard nothing from out there.
What?
I'm sorry, what?
Yeah, it's really hard.
Oh.
You tried?
I thought that was like a common thing.
My mom, like...
You can get a hysterectomy, right?
Isn't that even easy?
You tried to have your tubes tied, but it didn't take?
Yeah, you have to have had a shit ton of children.
Okay.
Oh.
Descent.
Well...
In...
Two tubes enter, one tube leaves.
A spindle wheel.
Oh, nice.
Two in life.
A spindle wheel, oh, nice.
Two enlightened post-reproductive women enter.
One leaves ashamed of herself.
But you're a raggedy man.
How many...
Well, calm down.
How many men in the audience have...
Think that picture is fuel.
That's not the end of the question, you fucking...
You special-ness addicted millennial.
Wait, wait, no, stop.
Oh, shit.
I said how many men in the audience are...
It's gonna have to be harder than that.
One Gen Xer, one millennial.
No, I was gonna say, how many men in the audience have had a hysterectomy?
Yeah, same guy.
So you were getting the leap on that, okay, I'm sorry, sir, I'm sorry.
He knew where it was going.
But also, he had his male tube...
You clapped your hands with the vehemence of somebody who's very happy that you did that, right?
Yeah.
You had a sperm extraction?
What is that?
What...
I mean, I know what that sounds like, but what does that mean?
It sounds amazing.
I had one today on Southwest Flight 2550.
So you have some sperm on the side just in case.
And the freezer, your freezer or somebody else's freezer?
Just next to the peas?
All right, sir, so what I wanna ask is the vasectomy,
my understanding is you're snipping the conduit between the apparatus is generating sperm
and the apparatus is shooting it out, right?
Yeah.
So that means that anytime you want, we're losing a lot of people.
Those guys are Mormons.
And anytime you want post vasectomy, you could go in like five years after a vasectomy
and say, I want a sperm extraction, right?
Is that yes or no?
Right, but yes.
I'm just saying, you keep making sperm, yeah, and so you could...
Yeah.
The thing that's...
Okay, so all right, well, you've had vasectomy.
Are you by any chance just willing to come up just for a second and just talk?
Okay.
Does that matter?
I just have a couple of vasectomy questions.
And perdiperon?
Very, very light applause because people don't wanna make it a competition between them
with a double mastectomy, lady.
You don't want...
Yeah, it's like, he's not John Henry, he got a fucking vasectomy.
I understand, but you don't have to make him feel like a fucking pariah.
We've moved on to a different segment.
My name's Matt.
I played D&D with you guys last time we were there.
Oh, shit.
Hello, Matt.
I have face blindness.
All right.
It's called alcoholism.
So vasectomy.
Okay, so just like, okay, so your balls keep making sperm.
And then the...
We lost Jeff.
If I can't have a podcast and just learn what I need to learn.
So your balls keep making sperm.
Yes, they keep making sperm.
So when you come, here's my...
You come just as I'm sperm in it.
So the sperm is just sitting there and it just doesn't get dropped in so that it gets sent out.
Doesn't that terrify you?
No, it's fine.
It's great.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
What terrifies you, Dan, about that?
Because I'm a child, I feel like I'm a third grader.
What terrifies you?
Because I feel like they're down there and they wanna go out.
Oh, so you feel sympathy for those trapped sperm?
I feel like, no, I don't feel sympathy for them.
I've certainly never done them any favors.
It's safer in there.
I've never been a benevolent God.
I, on the other hand, don't want them hanging out.
They don't last very long, right?
Sperms live and die very short.
And they just hang out and die all the time.
And it's the fluid that constitutes your cum.
Seminole fluid.
I love it.
That's not coming...
Who's yelling shit out?
It primarily comes from the seminal vesicle in the cowper's gland.
It's just up in your body.
It's not in your balls.
Your balls are like the factory where these little sperm cells are made.
And you can just let that factory keep going,
and then you're cutting off the assembly line.
It's just like, oh, that's where the Prius is made.
But you're just like, keep making that Prius.
And it's like, they don't care.
It's not gonna rust and hurt you.
That's correct.
So it's still making great sperm all the time.
Awesome.
And now I have some on ice.
Oh, yeah, that was a great high five.
That was the weirdest high five I've ever seen in my life.
Well, I had a cap in my hand.
All right, well, okay.
But I just thought, okay, so here's the...
Okay, one more question.
One more question.
Okay, so you're talking about snipping a line.
Okay, so these sperm are used to going up through a tube.
Are they still trying and then hitting a shape?
They just don't go anywhere.
So I had a vasectomy and I was 27.
So it was a long, long time ago and you can get them reversed
or you can do an extraction, which is...
What happened to the sperm when you're coming?
The sperm are going like...
No, they're just...
Here we go, boys.
We've been waiting for this for our whole lives.
And then they go and they're like, ah, fuck.
There's a wall.
You tell me they don't get angry and like...
Then they die and they cry and it's very sad.
And the new ones get made the next day.
Sperm don't think, though, like at all.
That's what my bumper sticker says.
Sperm don't think.
All right.
Okay.
Do you want an adult...
Spencer, if sperm did think...
What do you think a sperm would say?
Um, let's go.
That's absolutely...
Yeah.
Follow that guy.
I got a fascinating of a sperm like...
The average sperm, if you ejaculate inside a woman,
like there's hundreds of millions of sperm,
I think there's like a certain number.
And there's like the statistical number of them
that they get distracted by like calcium deposits.
Because they look like eggs.
Isn't that adorable?
Like they're on their way to the fallopian tubes
and they're like, look, there she blows.
And they're like, it's just like, dude, it's just a fucking like...
It's just a deposit on the side.
I think that's adorable.
Because it's like, they're little men.
I think that's funny that they're like,
well, I'll do anything to accomplish my goal.
But they have the numbers and so they get it done.
But they don't.
They all die and it's funny.
Matt, funny.
Why at 27 did you have that done?
So I got married when I was 22
and had a daughter when I was 27
and decided not to have more kids.
So I got a vasectomy.
And then 12, 13 years later got divorced.
And my fiance and I are going to have kids.
Wow.
Have you already?
No, no.
So my sperm is on ice.
And at some point that'll happen in the future.
You can see at Lincoln Center in Washington, D.C.
It's a big sperm on ice.
My sperm is on ice.
Let it go.
I have an annual subscription.
I have to keep paying them like Netflix.
All right.
I forgot your first name again.
Matt.
Let's thank Matt, the vasectomy from Pleasant.
All right.
We've clearly had a...
We've got to start now.
You see what we did, Jeff?
We took this show across a threshold.
We went down a road of trials.
We met with certain truths.
We atoned with fucking death and resurrected.
We met with the goddess of...
Who was the...
What would you say the goddess point of this?
The diapers.
Yeah.
I'm almost...
I don't want to excite people, but I'm like,
I need a little more time.
And then I feel like,
I know I can pee in my pants.
Dan, we believe in you.
But I'm going to need another one of these,
whoever it is.
Dan, like, if I'm...
Oh, let's do a...
You know what we should do?
What?
A push?
Push.
I wasn't...
I wasn't looking for ways to pee.
But I thank you.
You know what we should do?
There's...
Oh, I hadn't thought of that.
I'm 43 years old and I'd never tried pushing.
No, I was going to say we could do a Q&A,
because we're never in San Francisco, but...
A Q&A?
That sounds fantastic.
I'm not being sarcastic.
That sounds good.
All right.
Should I facilitate?
Well, there's no...
There's probably not a...
I guess probably a wireless mic is...
No, but what we could do is we could maybe like have...
I could find people...
Do we know...
Do we have a wireless mic here?
No.
I mean, I really fucked everything up by saying Q&A.
Yeah.
Let's...
Okay.
Back to the drawing board.
No, but what...
You know what we should do.
Dan, Dan, I could make a Q&A happen, believe me.
I could make this happen.
I don't...
But I was only doing that because I didn't have anything else to do,
but I could think of other things.
Oh, I have another thing I want to try.
Are you going to pee?
No, no, no, no.
What?
He's going to be mid-conversation and be like,
Oh, it's happening.
All right.
There's one thing.
One thing.
I don't think...
Adam, I don't think...
You're Steve.
I'm sorry.
I don't...
Who's Adam?
Adam is a kid he drowned in camp.
That you look exactly like,
which is why he's always so nice to you.
Dan, what was your idea?
My idea...
Well, I just...
I know I had one.
I saw it straight out of Compton.
Did you guys see it straight out of Compton?
And then weren't you...
Well, you were watching it?
Were you like,
This is great.
I love learning about the hip-hop founding fathers.
Oh, there's EZE.
Oh, he was so hard.
Oh, Dr. Tray seemed rather innocent.
Oh, there's Ice Cube.
Oh, apparently he was the genius of the group.
There's some guy named DJ Yella.
There's some other people.
Boy, that...
Oh, EZE.
Oh, boy, he...
Man, he really did bad.
Oh, yeah.
He's evil.
Oh, he's evil.
Oh, he got AIDS.
Boy, that Dr. Tray and that Ice Cube...
I never actually knew.
They were great rappers.
And great people, too.
I didn't know that.
I didn't know that about those people.
And then the credits go.
It's like produced by Ice T and Dr. Tray...
Ice Cube and Dr. Tray.
And I was like,
Well, that seems a little unfair.
Are you saying you want a freestyle right now?
No.
I'm saying...
How would Ice T feel about that film?
I mean, if you really want to blow everybody's minds,
when you start peeing, you have to rap while you're peeing.
You have to freestyle.
You're saying I have to create a new character called Ice P?
I say, yeah.
I'm gonna...
From the streets.
I want to put a beat on while your pants get peed on.
Yo.
Yo, man.
If I pee in my pants,
it's not about urination.
It's about coronation.
Coronation.
It's about grand fucking...
shit.
I was...
I mean, do you want a beat?
Or are you just talking...
No, I wanted to...
Mr. T, if I can interrupt you.
Honestly, I understand you trying to be respectful,
but when you call me Mr. T,
there's another guy that's called that.
Oh, is that a spot of contention,
where you don't like being called Mr. T?
There's certain things being worked out
in small claims court.
Is it not true that he was Mr. T
before you were Ice T?
I mean, it doesn't...
Hey, look, man.
Columbus was American before Muhammad Ali,
but I know who I'm betting on.
In the third round.
Objection.
Objection, Your Honor.
Made no sense.
It ain't...
Sustained.
This is in court, motherfucker.
This is business.
All right.
In a couple minutes,
I'm gonna urinate in my adult diaper.
I can feel it.
But I never got that second water, so...
Your fault if the show goes too long.
We're gonna stay here.
I don't care if we're here until Thursday.
You're gonna fucking wet your son.
He might can't do it.
Is that it?
Nope.
Somebody give me a water.
Thank you, baby.
Oh, shit.
Thank you.
Let's have a hand for...
Any personal...
She didn't give me that water for personal reasons.
This is business.
This is the digestive business.
Small intestine.
Absorbs water.
But most of it makes it through your ass.
Comes out your urethra.
As your muscles deteriorate past the point when Darwin's laws expected you to live.
Hopefully that extra waste can be absorbed by a competent weather.
Let me finish.
I have a question, I see.
How do kidneys work?
Oh, shit.
No, kidneys are like the police, you know?
I always try to filter everything, you know?
Like, you take in liquids and all the impurities?
Shit.
Your kidneys are there to rustle them up, put them over the hood, read them their rights,
take them to jail, treat them nicely.
What's the difference between a kidney and a liver?
Shit.
Talk about the difference between the local police and the Department of Justice.
Sometimes the liver needs to create a commission of oversight,
as in the case of Rodney King in Los Angeles.
The liver had to come in and say,
yo, kidney, what are you doing?
Well, you need a temporary injunction.
What is it?
What turns out?
Turns out a lot of people, it's not a popular thing to say.
But the LAPD is doing pretty well since then.
What is the function of the bladder then?
The bladder just holds the pee, motherfucker.
The bladder is just business.
Actually, I almost just peed a little bit.
All right, okay, all right, just...
Okay, everybody?
Now, he needs complete silence for this.
Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen, the MGM Casino and Hotel.
And the Swedish American Home.
I'm proud to present.
You're about to watch a man.
I will tell you the minute the liquid leaves.
I'm doing it.
Okay, I'm fucking pissing my pants.
Oh my God, I'm pissing.
I'm pissing right now.
I'm pissing my pants.
I'm fully pissing my pants.
I'm pissing, I'm pissing right now.
Is it holding it?
Spin.
I'm still pissing, I'm pissing.
Are you telling me you can't see anything?
That's just the fucking greatest.
Wait, I'm doing another...
I'm pissing again.
You guys, this is fucking a game changer.
What's that, sir?
I'm the Chuck Yanger peeing my pants, sir.
Yes, thank you.
I broke the fucking...
I just fucking fully took a full piss in my pants.
How heavy is the diaper?
I'm just throwing you this.
Nothing.
And I'm totally comfortable.
When you two go pee in your pants
and you want to hang out with me,
I'm gonna take you to the toilet.
You pee in your pants and you want to hang out.
I'm gonna do a free promotion.
Real fit.
Deep and real fit.
Looks fits.
Feels like real underwear.
Adjustment.
Real fit underwear.
Try a pair.
Where did it go?
Go, go, go.
Wait, you're standing in line.
And you want to pee, just fine.
You can pee in your pants and go.
You can pee anywhere you want.
You can pee inside your pants.
And ladies, give it a chance.
Where do you want to break the gender barrier?
You can pee anywhere in here.
She went for the balcony.
Got to pee. Take a pee.
Check it.
I mean, honestly, also, it's a box for a dollar.
It's okay.
Say hello to everybody.
Thank you.
It's fine.
The Swedish American hope for and doing what we did.
That's fucking amazing.
Would like to thank our sponsors, the Oval Team.
No, deep ins.
Cuckold crafts.
I just wailed in my fucking pants.
And there's Robbie and Nikki, Lindsay, Amber, Keegan, Matt.
Matt, thank you so much, everybody.
Are you still peeing?
No, no, well, I couldn't more, if you wanted to.
Spencer Quentin, Steve Levy.
I'm Jeff Davis.
Let's take a sandwich.
Let's go sketch while you're having us.
Jennifer and Nicole Stratten.
Are you still peeing?
Yeah.
I can't because I put it all in here.
How does it feel?
Normal.
I could go get a loan right now.
I could open a zoo.
There's nothing.
I just pissed in my pants and I'm hanging out.
I could do anything.
I pissed in my pants and now I'm hanging out and dancing.
I pissed in my pants.
I could feel a little bit going down my leg.
But that's not me.
No, no, no.
My name is MCP.
IP where you can see.
I go in my diaper.
You see?
Going to hug to the front or to the east or the west.
So I...
Yeah.
All right.
We'll see you at the bar.
I guess I'll just keep wearing these.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.